https://codepen.io/Jimbo1600/pen/bGwmoZa?editors=1100   

 1. What is Semantic HTML? Semantic HTML is when the code written on HTML give information about what is going on to google for SEO. 
    2. What is HTML used for? It is used to layout information in a graphical way on a website.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?  An attribute add on the behavior a tag should have and we put it inside a tag. 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? It is used for the main title, it should only be used once. 
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes: Img tag and Embed
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?  Information for the Website that is not graphically visible. Ex. Title
    7. What is an id? An id is an identification method for css that is only given to a single element. 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? You can add an Id to every element. 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? You should only use it only once. 
    10. What is a class? A class is a classification of element, it is commonly to stlye more than one element.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? You can add any element you want.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? As many times as you want.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? you add the attibute Target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? To describe the picture, this is for SEO or for text to speech.
    15. How do I reference an id? You reference it on css by putting a # before the text. 
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div A section means that the content inside is grouped (semantic) and the div does not convey any meaning (non-semantic)
    17. What is CSS used for? CSS is used to style the html layout on a page. 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page: You use the tag for the element in this example it would be using h2 to select everything. 
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one Class is for selecting more than one item, id is for only one item. Example is if you want to choose a collection of images so you use class to select them all and if you only want to select a specific title you would use the id. 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? We select them by using a period before the text.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? you would be using ".human p {}" you use the period to classify it is a class, then you tell the class name and then you do the element p to specify it is a p element you wanna choose. 
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? Is a selector to select elements inside of a specific parent element, this is useful when you only want to select elements covered by a common parent ex a div. 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? you define the div as the parent then the link as the child and add the .class selector example: "div > a.sidebar"
    24. What is a pseudo selector? Is a selector that specifies a special state of the element. 
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? we use "line-height". 
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? "letter-spacing"
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? we use "text-transform:" and then specify which one to apply. 
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? you use the "border: 1px dotted black"
    29. How do I select everything on the page? you use the universal selector "*".
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? You use "/*{text} */" and inside the text you input any comments. 
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? you input pwd. 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? you use ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? you use rm, you should be careful becuase it doesnt give any confirmation and there is no going back. 
    34. Why should I use version control? To be able to see older versions of your code in case that you break something. 
    35. How often should I commit to github? Whenever you feel ready that your code is ready. 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?  git push -u origin and the branch name 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.  You fork the repo so you have your own copy, then you get the git clone url, open the comand promp (git bash), cd into the folder, you clone it, you branch out and then open the code. Finish your code. say git add., commit the changes by git commit -m "message", and push it to the origin. Then afterwards create a pull request. 